The following programme
contains strong language.
violence and scenes which
some viewers may find distressing.
for a product laced with fentanyl -
you find that clean cocaine.
you find the people that did this.
Hey!
It's done - time you started
delivering your promises.
I really regret what I did to you.
(SCREAMS)
You will feel every inch of pain
that you caused us.
you fucking bitch.
(SPEAKING KURDISH)
(OMINOUS MUSIC)
('LAST CHRISTMAS' BY WHAM! PLAYS)
♪ (VOCALISING)
♪ Last Christmas
I gave you my heart... ♪
(MUFFLED MUSIC IN DISTANCE)
(EXHALES)
(BEEPS AND WHIRRS NOISILY)
(MUSIC CONTINUES IN DISTANCE)
(DOOR CLOSES)
(GRUNTING AND PANTING)
(LIFT BELL DINGS)
(DISTANT SIRENS)
(MOANS SOFTLY)
(DISTORTED) I'm sorry.
(WHIMPERS)
(SCREAMS)
(SCREAMING)
(KNIFE CLINKS)
(SCREAMS)
I'm pregnant. I'm pregnant!
I don't give a fuck!
It's Sean's!
Don't be stupid.
The Wallaces will give you anything
you want for this child.
Use it.
Use it!
(DOOR OPENS)
(KEYS RATTLE)
I wish you wouldn't do that.
Think about the baby.
How are you feeling?
Have you felt him move today?
Let me see.
When do they arrive?
I do not know.
(VELCRO OPENING)
Arm.
I'm tired.
You need to prepare yourself
for the birth.
You're having this baby...
whether you like it or not.
You do know what
he's planning on doing. don't you?
As soon as I have this baby.
he will slit my throat.
It's the only thing keeping me alive.
(SPEAKS KURDISH)
(LOCK CLICKS)
(LOCK CLANKS)
(INHALES SHARPLY)
(SPEAKING URDU)
Welcome to Lahore.
Where is she?
All in good time.
I want to see her.
Now.
Does Sean know?
And you're sure it's his?
I'll need it confirmed
by a doctor of my choosing.
Of course.
So you're happy with our deal?
You assured me
she was being well looked after!
I killed his son. How do you think
they are treating me?
And Sean's baby.
She's perfectly comfortable.
Come.
We'll discuss this in my office.
If you want this baby alive.
take me to London!
(DOOR OPENS)
She comes with me.
You know the deal -
I bring the baby to London...
then you give me access
to your ports.
The deal has changed.
You think I don't know
your situation?
The government's frozen your assets.
I'm your only way back into London.
If I let her go...
I'll never see her again.
Surely you can't walk away
from your grandchild?
This is business.
I leave in two days. She comes
with me. or the deal is off.
(SPEAKS URDU)
Fucking bitch.
(WHIMPERS)
Fucked up everything!
I'm going to cut out that tongue...
and slit your throat.
Do it.
(YELLS)
(GRUNTS)
You should have come for me
that day.
and not my son.
The mistake you made was loving him.
(YELLS)
Fucking bitch!
Please. Please. (SPEAKS URDU)
(YELLS)
Get off me. Get off me!
I'm here.
(BIRD CAWS)
(SOFT WHOOSHING)
You hear that?
That's your baby.
He's strong. He's a fighter.
(DOOR OPENS)
(SPEAKING URDU)
(CHUCKLES SOFTLY)
They are nearly here.(PHONE RINGS)
Get your rest of your things.
Yes?
(SPEAKING URDU)
(SPEAKS URDU) You wait there.
Yes?
(SPEAKS URDU)
Move.
What?
Get your fucking hands off of me!
Get your ha...
What is going on?
What the fuck is going on?!
(GRUNTS)
(LOCK CLICKS)
(PHONE RINGS)
We're on our way.
(ON PHONE) Marian.
I'm so terribly sorry.
I have some devastating news.
There was some complication
with the pregnancy overnight.
The Doctors tried everything.
but I'm afraid to say that...
...they were unable to save the baby.
No baby. no deal.
Marian. please.
(PHONE BEEPS)
(LOCK CLICKS)
(DOOR CLOSES)
Come.
(MUTTERS)
Please. take a seat.
What happened to Marian?
She went back to London.
Please.
Eat.
(CLEARS THROAT)
What?
Did you think I'll poison you?
That I would let you off so easily?
Don't be stupid.
What was your plan
once you got to London?
Were you hoping
to get Marian on your side?
To convince her to let you live?
Or did you think it would
be easier to escape in London?
Or maybe you thought Sean Wallace
will come to your rescue...
...with a marriage proposal.
(CHUCKLES)
Relax.
We are taking you to London.
To Marian?
I was offered a better deal.
By who?
An old friend.
Who?
You and your associates...
have trafficking routes into London.
And I want you...
to arrange a safe passage...
for a very precious
piece of cargo for me.
Hm. And why would I do that?
Because I will be keeping your baby.
(CHUCKLES)
You can take this baby
and drown it in the fucking river.
You say that.
But you cannot control
the love you have for your child.
Believe me...
it controls you.
When you will hold it
for the first time in your arms.
you will feel that power.
And I'm confident...
that you will do anything...
...to keep him alive.
You're wrong.
We'll see.
(PLANE ENGINE ROARS)
(SIREN WAILS)
How are you feeling
after the flight?
(GROANS)
Are you OK?
No. No. I need some air.
Try and keep calm.
(GRUNTS) Oh. my God. I feel sick.
(NOISY DRILLING)
(GROANS)
Something's wrong.
- What's going on. Lale?
- I feel sick.
- Please.
- Lale. breathe.
- - Windows.
- No. No. No.
- Deep breaths.
I need to get out.
- Something is wrong.
- No.
(GROANS)
OK.
I just need some air! Please.
I'm going to be sick! (GROANS)
I...
I think we should let her out.
Oh. I need to walk!
I need to go out!
She needs some air.
(YELLS. MOANS)
Stay with her.
OK.
OK. OK. OK. Calm. Stay calm.
GUARD: Come on.
Water. please.
Here. here. OK.
(GRUNTS)
Slowly.
- Deep breaths.
- Oh!
(GRUNTING)
Argh!
(DRILLING CONTINUES)
(SCREAMS)
What was that? Go and see!
DRIVER: Yes. sir.
Help! Help!
(GROANS)
(SPEAKS KURDISH)
(OBJECT SMASHES NEARBY)
That way.
(CLATTERING)
(CLANKING. WHIRRING)
('LAST CHRISTMAS' BY WHAM! PLAYS)
(DISTANT BANGING)
(WHIRRS)
Find her. Come on.
♪ But the very next day
♪ You gave it away
♪ This year
♪ To save me from tears
♪ I'll give it to someone special
♪ Last Christmas
I gave you my heart... ♪
(SONG CONTINUES FAINTLY IN DISTANCE)
(PANTING)
(DOOR CLOSES IN DISTANCE)
(SPEAKS URDU)
(DOOR OPENS)
(DOOR CLOSES)
First floor clear.
(GROANS)
(MOANS)
(DOOR RATTLES)
(CABINET SCRAPES FLOOR)
(GROANS)
(DOOR RATTLING)
(PANTING)
(YELLS)
(GRUNTS)
(MOANS)
(SPLASHING)
(BABY CRIES)
Fuck.
Rip this place apart
till we find them.
(SIREN WAILS IN DISTANCE)
(MOANS SOFTLY)
(SOFTLY) Wait.
Listen.
Try the next room.
(MOANS)
(GROANS)
(SHUSHING)
(MOANS SOFTLY)
Fuck.
(MOANS)
(SQUELCHING)
(GROANS)
(CRIES)
Shh.
(CONTINUES CRYING)
(STOPS CRYING)
(CRIES)
OK. OK.
Shh.
(CRIES)
Shh. Shh.
(DISTANT CRYING)
Shh.
(SPEAKS KURDISH. SHUSHES BABY)
(CONTINUES CRYING)
(SPEAKS KURDISH)
(DOOR CLOSES)
(CONTINUES CRYING)
(GURGLES)
Shh. (SPEAKS KURDISH)
(CRIES)
(CONTINUES CRYING)
No! No! No!
(SCREAMING)
(YELLS)
(SCREAMS)
(DISTORTED SOUND)
(CONTINUES CRYING)
(SOUND CLEARS)
No.
Congratulations.
Fuck you.
We can keep him safe for you...
...in Lahore.
Do as I ask. and you will
be reunited with your son.
(SCOFFS) In a coffin?
In your arms.
I will never be free. What life is
this going to be for my child. huh?
A hostage forever.
No. No.
Would you choose this...
life for your son?
Would you?
Would you?!
No.
Lale. no.
(SPEAKS URDU)
(TENSE MUSIC)
(TENSE MUSIC BUILDS)
(GUNSHOT)
(MUSIC STOPS)
(GUNSHOTS)
(WAILS)
(GUNSHOT)
(SOBS)
(SPEAKS URDU)
What exactly is it
you need me to do?
I'll be in touch.
(CAR DOORS CLOSING)
(ENGINE STARTS)
(SOBS)
Subtitles by Sky Access Services
www.skyaccessibility.sky